[clang] [ASTDump] Add support for structural value template arguments in TextNodeDumper (#126341)
llvm/llvm-project: clang/docs/ReleaseNotes.rst

AST Dumping Potentially Breaking Changes
----------------------------------------

> - Added support for dumping structural value template arguments in AST dumps. (#GH126341)

Reviewer: We don't usually reference PR numbers in the release note - so if there isn't any tracking issue, leaving it empty is fine.

```suggestion
- Added support for dumping template arguments of structural value kinds.
```
